have you heard of the latest on stormy
Daniels this might be the best of all
them this might be lying number one
president Trump's lawyer Michael Cohen
finally admitted he told the New York
Times he paid adult film starts stormy
Daniels a hundred thirty thousand
dollars but out of his own pocket it had
nothing to do with Trump he was not
reimbursed by the President or the Trump
campaign he made it he says he made a
private transaction and would not
comment on whose privates were
transacted on but this story is so
unbelievable I mean the part about Trump
not paying him back is believable that I
believe but the RET what kind of an
idiot would believe that his lawyer
decided to pay a porn star more than
$100,000 for no reason they didn't have
sex she just decided to give her money I
mean if it wasn't for this addy runs on
local TV this wouldn't make any sense at
all have you never had sex with a porn
star then you need a lawyer to give that
porn star large amounts of cash not your
own cash his own cash call the law firm
of michael cohen and associates michael
cohen is the leader in giving porn stars
money for no reason at all Michael Cohen
gave me two hundred and twenty five
thousand dollars and I don't even know
why you pay nothing Michael Cohen pays
everything the law firm of Michael Cohen
and associates world's dumbest / most
generous lawyers call 1-800 dumbass for
that's one 800 d um
ss4 michael is dumb and he has a whole
lotta money and here's where it gets
extra interesting because Trump
slaughter admitted he paid stormy
Daniels she might not be bound by their
non-disclosure agreement anymore that's
what they paid her for in the first
place her manager said this is a quote
everything's off now and Stormies gonna
tell her story hopefully to me this has
to be handled sensitively I am Jimmy
Kimmel click below to subscribe to our
YouTube channel or if you want to be
that way about it though